# what the hell am I looking at?

a shell based ... thigner... for editing rows in your dbic schema

# why?

'cause i've written this thing a couple of times (quite poorly) in a couple of my applications

and on occasion i need to fiddle about with data because i wrote something so stupidly broken that it ruined everything...

# what else?

I haven't written it yet.

# design?

not really.

i guess i'll want to do some of these things though:

 - harass the schema for a list of "things" it has 

 - harass the Results for a list of fields to set, and methods to call and a template to display them (or use overload) and some related things?...

 - find a thing, and edit it, then either keep or discard the result of editing 

 - maybe i could read form configs from catalyst applications so i can make use of some of the formfu/formbulder/formhandler declarations 

 - allow for "tagging" of things in a schmea by a user 
	- that is marking them as "interesting"
		- a "user" is interesting, the table that joins it to groups is not
		- a product is interesting, the individuals who ordered it are not (although they might be interesting in aggregate)
	- stash these things 
		- in the working copy, so others can use them?
		- in your homedir so they work with different checkouts of the same schema?
		- on ebay?
 - allow for some simple (read bad) reports to be defined and stashed 
	- reports being a pair of hashes for ->search and a format string 

 - something for loading a user record based on the $[<()>]
	- and then use it for filling in "audit tables" and things
